Use web page to download the CC distribution instead of GitHub repo (#5156)
wso2/docs-apim: en/docs/deploy-and-publish/deploy-on-gateway/choreo-connect/deploy-api/deploy-api-via-apictl.md

    This guide assumes that you already have a Choreo Connect instance that is up and running. If not, checkout the [Using Choreo Connect Deployed on Docker with WSO2 API Controller Guide]({{base_path}}/deploy-and-publish/deploy-on-gateway/choreo-connect/getting-started/deploy/cc-on-docker-with-api-controller) on how to install and run Choreo Connect. To learn more about Choreo Connect, have a look at the [Overview of Choreo Connect]({{base_path}}/deploy-and-publish/deploy-on-gateway/choreo-connect/getting-started/choreo-connect-overview). 

## Step 1 - Download and initialize apictl 

> Follow the guid [Download and initialize the apictl]({{base_path}}/install-and-setup/setup/api-controller/getting-started-with-wso2-api-controller/#download-and-initialize-the-apictl)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Follow the documentation on how to [download and initialize the apictl]({{base_path}}/install-and-setup/setup/api-controller/getting-started-with-wso2-api-controller/#download-and-initialize-the-apictl).
```
